Mention the recommended usage of "Hard" in the short version.md (#559)
open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki: docs/tutorial.md

3) Click the "Optimize" button under the "Optimize FSRS parameters" section. The optimal parameters will replace the default parameters automatically. Parameters are preset-specific. If an error message pops up, it means you have less than 1000 reviews across all cards that this preset is applied to. In that case, just use the default parameters; it's still better than using the legacy SM-2 algorithm.
4) Choose a value of desired retention: the proportion of cards recalled successfully when they are due. **This is the most important setting in FSRS. Higher retention leads to shorter intervals and more reviews per day.** 80-95% is reasonable, 90% should work fine for most people.

> FSRS can adapt to almost any habit of the user, but there is one habit that can cause problems: pressing "Hard" instead of "Again" when you forgot the card, in other words, using Hard as a failing grade. Internally, FSRS treats "Hard" as a passing grade, and so should you. If you have this habit, please correct it and only use "Again" when you forgot your material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FSRS can adapt to almost any user habit, except one habit: pressing "Hard" instead of "Again" when you forget the information. When you press "Hard", FSRS assumes you have recalled the information correctly (though with hesitation). If you press "Hard" even when you can't recall the information, the intervals will be unreasonably high (for all the ratings). So, if you have this habit, please change it and use "Again" when you forget the information.
```
